The guilty minister is afraid
The culprit is old
Criminal arc
Make a monstrous mistake
Please punish the emperor
Xiuer, this matter is entirely up to you
Say it well
You say
His Royal Highness
It's hard to be a minister
Willing to hand over soldiers
Please forgive this uncle
You follow your father
Quest
Now the merits and demerits are against each other
You can stay in the palace and enjoy your old age in peace
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince Xie
Qin Zhan went back to reflect
Let's go down, I'm so tired
Ah, parents.
Parents, are you okay?
Don't give up your son Yu Qian
Go and invite Li Zizhen
Qin Zhan, this useless thing
He actually handed over the military power
But if something happens to the old emperor
I still have a chance
His Royal Highness
Now the emperor's health is not as good as before
sad and happy
Now there is no medicine
Tonight, I'm afraid.
waste
What am I killing you for? Your Highness, forgive me
The emperor will die tonight
God help me too
Please fight since you have handed over the military palace
The rest 50,000 soldiers
It's my bargaining chip to seize power today